W-21409922 Adding info about setting an HTML body in an email (#476)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.7/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-mail-operations-send-mail.adoc

enter the information required for the connection to the mail server in
the Mail Session.

[[html-body]]
== Sending mail with an HTML body

RPA Builder sends the content in *Body* over SMTP as plain text.

> To send a message whose body is rendered as HTML, use one of these patterns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a message body rendered as HTML, use one of these patterns:
```

* *Microsoft 365 via Microsoft Graph*  
+
--
. Call the Graph https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/user-sendmail[`sendMail` API^] with the xref:toolbox-network-rest-call.adoc[REST Call] action step. 
. In the JSON request body, set the message body `contentType` to `HTML`. 
. On REST Call, use the *Authentication* tab to send a bearer access token. +
Obtain or refresh tokens using xref:toolbox-variable-handling-credentials-for-oauth.adoc[Credentials for OAuth], depending on how your organization issues tokens for Graph. 
--
+

> To read values from JSON responses across multiple calls, you can use xref:toolbox-variable-handling-json-query.adoc[Json Query].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read values from JSON responses across multiple calls, use xref:toolbox-variable-handling-json-query.adoc[Json Query].
```

* *SMTP with HTML via PowerShell*
. From the workflow, run `powershell.exe` (or run a script) using xref:toolbox-control-run-program.adoc[Run Program]. 

> . In the script, use `System.Net.Mail.MailMessage` and set `IsBodyHtml` to `$true`, and configure SMTP and credentials to match your mail server and security policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the script, use `System.Net.Mail.MailMessage` and set `IsBodyHtml` to `$true`. Configure SMTP and credentials to match your mail server and security policies.
```

Reviewer: Or you could do 
```suggestion
. In the script, use `System.Net.Mail.MailMessage`, set `IsBodyHtml` to `$true`, and configure SMTP and credentials to match your mail server and security policies.
```

The wizard is split into two tabs, *Message* and *Attachment*.

> In the Message area, enter text under *Body*. RPA Builder sends the content as plain text, not as HTML.   If you defined variables in advance either using the Activity Parameters or the Workflow Based Variables, link the content with *Insert Available Variables*. Select the encoding to use between UTF-8, UTF-16, Shift-JIS, and EUC-JP. To send HTML, see <<html-body,Sending mail with an HTML body>>. 

Author: ```suggestion
In the Message area, enter text under *Body*. RPA Builder sends the content as plain text, not as HTML. If you defined variables in advance either using the Activity Parameters or the Workflow Based Variables, link the content with *Insert Available Variables*. Select the encoding to use between UTF-8, UTF-16, Shift-JIS, and EUC-JP. To send HTML, see <<html-body,Sending mail with an HTML body>>. 
```

The wizard is split into two tabs, *Message* and *Attachment*.

> In the Message area, you can enter text under *Body*. RPA Builder sends the content as plain text, not as HTML. You can link the content with *Insert Available Variables*, assuming you defined variables in advance either using the Activity Parameters or the Workflow Based Variables. Select the encoding to use between UTF-8, UTF-16, Shift-JIS, and EUC-JP. To send HTML, see <<html-body,Sending mail with an HTML body>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Message area, enter text under *Body*. RPA Builder sends the content as plain text, not as HTML.   If you defined variables in advance either using the Activity Parameters or the Workflow Based Variables, link the content with *Insert Available Variables*. Select the encoding to use between UTF-8, UTF-16, Shift-JIS, and EUC-JP. To send HTML, see <<html-body,Sending mail with an HTML body>>. 
```
